(Draft) Update iOS snippets to reflect UISceneDelegate adoption (#13305)
flutter/website: src/content/add-to-app/ios/add-flutter-screen.md

* Keeping the Flutter connection open
  in debug mode when the phone screen locks.

As of Flutter 3.41, `UIScene` support is the default for iOS apps.
When using `FlutterAppDelegate`, you should also ensure that your app

> uses `FlutterSceneDelegate` (or a subclass) to receive scene lifecycle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uses `FlutterSceneDelegate` or `FlutterSceneLifeCycleProvider` to receive scene lifecycle
```

> events, such as [`openURL`][] and [`continueUserActivity`][].

Reviewer: Gemini is correct. The UIScene methods are:

https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiscenedelegate/scene(_:continue:)
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiscenedelegate/scene(_:openurlcontexts:)
